title: Blog.Init()
date: 2025-02-22 00:00
tags: ramblings, blog
---

So, it's finally happening. For quite some time now, I'm saying I should start a blog. The reason behind it is mainly to
put out to the world the knowledge I'm gathering on my day to day projects. This will not only pass my learnings to
anyone who finds this blog, but will also serve as a small knowledge base that I can get back anytime in the future to
remember some topic.

I'm a very curious person and I'm always learning new concepts, trying new technologies and tools and challenging myself
on uncomfortable grounds. This way of life brings me new knowledge frequently and I make a lot of small and useless
things that I don't give any credit because they are just experiences I have to reach a goal. But I would like that to
change.

Every obstacle I reach, every research I make in order to find a way to solve my issues, it's a path and it can be
helpful for anyone. We live in a world where most people show only the good results, the end goal, hiding away the
troubles and obstacles that they had to overcome. And I personally think that this not only hides part of the learning
but it also increases the feeling of self doubt and that one cannot reach the same place in life that others. 

So I'll try to document every mistake, every blockage, and what was the process taken to fix or surpass it. I hope it
helps someone, someday, somehow.

The blog itself will be a learning process for me. Currently I'm invested in learning [guile
scheme](https://www.gnu.org/software/guile/), with a personal project that will make some articles in the first times,
and common lisp, by reading the [Learn Lisp The Hard Way](https://llthw.common-lisp.dev) by *"the Phoeron" Colin J.E.
Lupton*, an online book that was shared on [System Crafters community](https://systemcrafters.net/).

I found the System Crafters community some years ago, while trying to understand *Emacs* (I'm a long time *VIM/Neovim*
user), and created a special connection with the family of lisp languages. As I was invested in professional growth, I
never deepened my knowledge on it. But I feel that now was the time and returned to the community with a great
coincidence of David Wilson also focused on a guile scheme project, which I'm proudly recommend for anyone who wants to
view a real project using it. 

So, without further delay, welcome and let's have an awesome ride on this journey and sorry for all mistakes there I'll
be doing in the future. 
